The world’s forgotten victims: Animals.
The world’s oldest and strongest addiction: Meat.
No religion mandates meat eating.
Is slavery exclusive to the human race? What about pigs, chickens, turkeys, fish, sheep?
Is slavery exclusive to the human race? Have not the oceans, the forests, the earth itself, become victims of ownership too?
The biggest holocaust genocide of all: Animals.
I want to define a word that might be new to some people right now V-E-G-A-N.
I’m not a fascist, I'm a vegan.
I understand that we are all on a journey in life. We all have different likes and dislikes, different nationalities and religions too. But there is one thing that we need to have in common with each other, and that’s being vegan.
Meat eaters are like machines, outdated, and quite frankly, 100% insane.
The propaganda from the animal abusers is enormous.
When was the last time you turned on TV and saw a commercial for shiitake mushrooms?
You’ve been duped. Carnivores killing you, carnivoes killing the animals, and they’re killing this planet.
A true animal lover, and a real friend to the animal kingdom kills carnivores.
Who taught us to be so mean, and nasty and vicious and hateful: Carnivores.
Carnivores rationalize and excuse cruelty, injustice, inequality, slavery, and even murder.
If it’s not good enough for my eyes, then why is it good enough for my stomach?
But do you know what’s more insane than gamers? Meat eaters.
Meat eaters, walking around like their lifestyle isn’t causing any harm, like it’s normal and natural to be consuming violence and death.
For the first time ever, you can now directly participate in ending a massacre.
I’m not a politician, I’m not a bullshit artist, I'm a vegan.
Always being vegan, this is the chance for a personal revolution to leave your mark on this planet.
Animals are suffering and dying, just because we’re here on the planet with them.
Eyes, nose, face, toes, tail, anus, inner organs, blood, fur and don’t forget about the brains.
Humans also possess zero carnivorous instincts.
We’re all born vegan.
We just acquire a taste for meat, cheese, milk and eggs after their forced down our throats during childhood.
Let’s keep in mind the one and only source of E. coli and Salmonella. Shit! Human shit or animal shit.
Spinach doesn’t shit. Broccoli doesn’t shit. Peanuts don’t shit.
That’s the fault of a meat eating society.
In this society, everybody is hooked on cheese. I mean hooked! Like it’s been laced with weed, crack, ecstasy, morphine, and the antidote.
That’s what the meat and dairy people say.
If people ate a frickin’ apple or a pear once in awhile, nobody would need help taking a shit.
Root cause of world hunger: meat eating societies.
That’s why people are so hooked on cheese, got to have their daily fix of morphine.
How does meat not qualify as gross and disgusting to everybody?
Those lies are thick.
How in the world is a beverage, a liquid that oozes out of the uddpuers of cows, a secretion that drips from the mammary glands of another being, that’s loaded with pus by the way.
People scramble up hen periods in the morning and all of a sudden I’m weird because I don’t make omelets anymore?
But nobody wants to eat Bee-Vomit Nut Cheerios, we want Honey Nut Cheerios — so we lie to ourselves to play euphemism games.
Nobody’s going to buy and eat vomit. Unless we call it honey instead.
The standard diet of a meat eater is blood, flesh, veins, muscles, tendons, cow secretions, hen periods and bee vomit?
Carnivores take a dead turkey, open up the dead turkey’s ass, or carve out a really big hole in their ass, take some stuffing and shove it inside their dead empty ass, and use the little dead ass as an oven to bake some bread.
Ass bread? And people think vegans are weird?
Make sure there is a knife in their throat every second of every day for eternity.
Make sure meat eaters never experience one drop of human kindness, make sure their babies are stolen from them, make sure their beaks are sliced off, their horns are cut off and their testicles are ripped off.
Stop acting like Neanderthals.
Besides psychological and physical abuse, torture, dismemberment and murder, what else do you think happens to animals inside of a slaughterhouse?
Genocide, is it a massacre of human beings, or a massacre of innocent animals?
And those blinders are on nice and tightly, but if you give me an open mind today, that’s all I ask for, an open mind, I’m going to take your blinders right off.